Doc/release notes 0.2 (#106)
camaraproject/DeviceLocation: README.md

## Scope
* Service APIs for “Device Location” (see APIBacklog.md)  
* It provides the customer with the ability to:  
  * verify the location of a device.

>   * retrieve the location of a device (WIP).

Author: ```suggestion
  * retrieve the location of a device.
```

>   * subscribe and receive notifications about a device entering or leaving certain location (geofencing) (WIP). 

Author: ```suggestion
  * subscribe and receive notifications about a device entering or leaving certain location (geofencing). 
```

* **The latest available release for the DeviceLocation API family is 0.2.0.** There are bug fixes to be expected and incompatible changes in upcoming releases. It is suitable for implementors, but it is not recommended to use the API with customers in productive environments.
* Release 0.2.0 of the API family is available within the [release-0.2.0 branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/release-0.2.0). The API family now includes 3 APIs, in different state of progress:
  - **location-verification v0.2.0**, which is the second alpha release of this API.
    - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/blob/release-0.2.0/code/API_definitions/location-verification.yaml)
    - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/blob/release-0.2.0/code/API_definitions/location-verification.yaml&nocors)
    - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/blob/release-0.2.0/code/API_definitions/location-verification.yaml)

>   - **location-retrieval v0.1.0-wip**, which is still a pre-alpha release.

Author: ```suggestion
  - **location-retrieval v0.1.0-wip**, which is the first alpha release.
```

    - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/blob/release-0.2.0/code/API_definitions/location-retrieval.yaml)
    - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/blob/release-0.2.0/code/API_definitions/location-retrieval.yaml&nocors)
    - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/blob/release-0.2.0/code/API_definitions/location-retrieval.yaml)

>   - **geofencing v0.1.0-wip**, which is still a pre-alpha release.

Author: ```suggestion
  - **geofencing v0.1.0-wip**, which is the first alpha release.
```

    - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/blob/release-0.2.0/code/API_definitions/location-retrieval.yaml)
  - **geofencing v0.1.0-wip**, which is still a pre-alpha release.
    - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/blob/release-0.2.0/code/API_definitions/geofencing.yaml)
    - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/blob/release-0.2.0/code/API_definitions/geofencing.yaml&nocors)
    - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/blob/release-0.2.0/code/API_definitions/geofencing.yaml)

* The previous release version v0.1.0 of DeviceLocation API is available within the [release-0.1.0 branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/release-0.1.0)
  - This past release only included the first alpha version of the API now renamed to location-verification, but it was then named as "location v0.1.0"

> ## Contributorship and mailing list

Reviewer: Should we add here the link to the channel in CAMARA Slack? - https://camara-project.slack.com/archives/C062ZUVQH1N
